README.md, before:

## About me 👋

I'm a software developer. My goal with my opensource work is to help other people to develop better software faster.

My main projects are:

### [inline-snapshot](https://github.com/15r10nk/inline-snapshot)

Allows you to write
```python
def test_addition()
    assert 5+5==snapshot()
```
and to change the snapshot to  `snapshot(10)` when you run `pytest --inline-snapshot=create`

### [pysource-minimize](https://github.com/15r10nk/pysource-minimize)

Helps you to find bugs by minimizing python source files to the minimal amount of code which is necessary to reproduce the bug


### [pysource-codegen](https://github.com/15r10nk/pysource-codegen)

Generates random python code, which is useful to test linter, formatter or other tools which work with python code.

### [codecrumbs](https://github.com/15r10nk/codecrumbs)

Codecrumbs can be used to refactor code across space 🚀 and time ⏰.
The idea is to annotate your python code with decorators which describe deprecations.
These refactoring can then be applied by some one else in some other project which uses your library.

## Sponsors ❤️

[Sponsoring](https://github.com/sponsors/15r10nk) allows me to invest more time in my open source projects.
I have no special insider features at the moment, but I plan to add some to my projects in the future.

<!--
**15r10nk/15r10nk** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

added canonical-imports and star history

README.md, after:

## About me 👋

I'm a software developer. My goal with my opensource work is to help other people to develop better software faster.

My main projects are:

### [inline-snapshot](https://github.com/15r10nk/inline-snapshot)

Allows you to write
```python
def test_addition()
    assert 5+5==snapshot()
```
and to change the snapshot to  `snapshot(10)` when you run `pytest --inline-snapshot=create`

### [pysource-minimize](https://github.com/15r10nk/pysource-minimize)

Helps you to find bugs by minimizing python source files to the minimal amount of code which is necessary to reproduce the bug


### [pysource-codegen](https://github.com/15r10nk/pysource-codegen)

Generates random python code, which is useful to test linter, formatter or other tools which work with python code.

### [codecrumbs](https://github.com/15r10nk/codecrumbs)

Codecrumbs can be used to refactor code across space 🚀 and time ⏰.
The idea is to annotate your python code with decorators which describe deprecations.
These refactoring can then be applied by some one else in some other project which uses your library.

## Sponsors ❤️

[Sponsoring](https://github.com/sponsors/15r10nk) allows me to invest more time in my open source projects.
I have currently one insider project which I want to release when I reach 10 sponsors.

### [canonical-imports](https://github.com/15r10nk/canonical-imports)
Managing imports is difficult when the project grows in size.
Functions and classes gets moved or renamed.
`canonical-imports` follows your imports and finds out where the things you are importing are actually defined. It can change your imports which makes your code cleaner and maybe even faster.

## Stars

I'm collecting stars ✨, and your support by starring my projects would be awesome 🤩

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=15r10nk/inline-snapshot,15r10nk/pysource-codegen,15r10nk/pysource-minimize,15r10nk/codecrumbs,15r10nk/first-shell&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#15r10nk/inline-snapshot&15r10nk/pysource-codegen&15r10nk/pysource-minimize&15r10nk/codecrumbs&15r10nk/first-shell&Date)

<!--
**15r10nk/15r10nk** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
